Team Hobbes was good with citing credible sources and statistics. They also cited the books we were using earlier in the year. They also had good points when responding to what team locke said. Team locke also gave good points, cited their sources, and always answered our questions thoroughly. Locke also had specific questions and always properly answered the questions they were asked. But overall I think that team locke gave better evidence and had better responses to the questions they were asked along with some confusing statements from team hobbes. So because of these factors I think democracy would be more beneficial for a country.
Fighting in the trenches of the western front of Germany was dangerous and you didn’t have a choice for what you did there, “they used to say you, you, you and you, and you were in the party”. You had to do what you were told no matter how dangerous it was and you would probably die. The conditions were also garbage, “it was literally hell upon earth”. People were treated poorly and disgustingly, “I had to spend most of the time crouched in the mud by the side of a machine gun”.
I think effective formal writing is a way to make your writing better by making it less concise and elaborating everywhere to make it so that people can understand in a meaningful way the point you are trying to convey. This is done by repeating information multiple times but being said in different ways, you can also get away with inserting ridiculously long quotes just to waste the readers time to make them “understand” the meaning of text more thoroughly. Another useful technique is to add completely unrelated sections than vaguely connect them to the overall text. This also adds the advantage of making people feel like you are smarter than you are because you are writing more and more about a topic that could be condensed into a short sentence, but that would be suboptimal because it would look like you put less effort into it even if you put a lot of effort in that sentence it is simply better to put less effort into a completely blown out of proportion paragraph. This my seem like a useless strategy to waste people's time but it seems to me like everyone does it because everything you read is way too verbose, I don't need a massive speech on how a cloud works just tell me “they are collections of tiny water droplets in the sky that are light enough to float.” Don’t give me the story of how you saw a cloud in elementary school, was fascinated and then went on to discover the cure to cancer. I don’t care. 
Art was significantly affected showing differentiation between peoples faces specifically.
The printing press was invented around this time allowing for information to travel quickly.
The renaissance led to more personal and humanist thinking as opposed to higher powers out of their control.
Philosophy has been brought back from the renaissance and classical times to question politics, social norms and fight for equality.
The renaissance pushed a higher importance on education and that is shown in the present with high quality education around the globe.
The Renaissance put more pressure on the government to be more centered around the citizens this was carried on by almost every war and protest to follow.
I think the legacy of the renaissance is mostly of art and philosophy because when you think of the renaissance those are the first things that come to mind. This is shown by its effects in art with more detail and differentiation between people. Also the importance of education has carried on which can be seen in the excessive amount of school. Life is also very minimally affected by religion which was common in the italian and slightly reflected in the northern renaissance.
Once upon a time, there was a potato named Potato. He was a Super Potato. As you can see what I am trying to say is that this is a world full of potatoes.( the planet that I'm talking about where potato lives is what people call the moon, just so you know the moon is made of cheese) And my story begins here…
	Potato was walking down the stairs when he fell through a step! It seemed as if he would be falling for ever but then when it seemed the end he stopped falling he was in a place as if it was space except it couldn't he was on solid ground. Also he fell through a stair he didn't fly through the selling.Then it had to be a portal. when he fell  right in front of him it had swords armor fire arrows and a bow.Whatever it was it made a weird noise like a hungry monster.Potato was terrified to his bones. So he quickly grabbed the Sword and bow, shield and the armor and put it on.
 Then he took out his sword and shield and took guard.The monster came out and breathes fire it was a dragon it was Furious and mad The dragon breathes fire again but potato put out of shield and the outer shell of the dragon scales were made out of titanium. so he decided to pursue fire arrows. It melted some of his scales but they popped back out and he needed to figure out a way. he shot 3 fire arrows at one time it melted most  of his scales and he kept on shooting and melted all fish scales then quickly before the dragon scales popped out through swords but then the scales popped up and make that potato cost the sword and ran and   try to cut off his legs but the scales came back on and he kept on swinging at his leg and then his leg got cut off and then he ran and ran up and stabbed him in the heart BOOM! 
Then he found out that he was in space in a cave and he walked and walked and walked then he found a spaceship he fixed it for days he found out that he was actually repairing the spaceship on a volcano that was going to erupt. He found another chest in the spaceship there was tools he kept on working on the spaceship.5 days later he moves the spaceship off the volcano just in time for the volcano to erupt. He ran to the spaceship as fast as he could. He jumped on the spaceship for the impact. When he got out the spaceship was ruined. Now how was he supposed to get out of space?!
A few days earlier Potato battled the dragon and defeated him. He is still in space because he hasn't found out how to get out…
	Finally the spaceship was ready, but this weird rock was sometimes there, and sometimes not there. He thinks it might interfere with Potato’s plans to get out of here. What was making it happen. So he wandered around the place. Now that he looked around he could see that there were many spaceships here and there. So Potato found out that many potatoes had died here so that meant that his time here would be rough. 
	So he made a plan to make the thing that was making the rock move die. His Plan was so good that he could hardly wait. He was lying on the Rock the next day and it started to move so he looked under and over and found out that it was a goblin. He ran into the spaceship and grabbed his shield, sword and bow so he shot under the rock and made a fire circle around the goblin the goblins breath smelled so bad that it seemed as if the goblin could breathe underwear. 
	He slashed the goblin with his sword but the goblin dodge so easily it seemed impossible to defeat him.
	So he got his bow and arrow and shot it ten times in a row. Making it harder to dodge his plan worked because one arrow hit the goblin. He did that six more times but the goblin still hadn't  died. So he threw a bomb at the goblin which killed it. But at that precise moment ten more goblins came out from the cave. Potato then shot fifty more
I am in a 4-H photography club called shutterbugs and in that club we take pictures, talk about them and improve on them. My favorite type of picture to take is nature or abstract. I also like playing around with 360-degree photos. 360-degree photos cannot be printed out on paper but can be viewed digitally. Some stuff I like about the photography club is that you can share your pictures at the meetings and share what the pictures are about. Covid-19 really sucks because I can't see my friends and the meetings have to take place in zoom. But covid-19 did bring some good opportunities, like the Minecraft 4-H club. This club started when we couldn't have a 4-H fair, so instead we recreated the fair in a minecraft world. Soon enough it was less like a fair and more like a club. During the fair part I made multiple tents and helped build part of the fair. Now we are working on the 4-H camp and making mini-games. The camp is pretty cool and the mini-games are fun. The 4-H minecraft world is so spread apart now that to get around you literally need to ask for someone to teleport you somewhere which is pretty insane. 
